hi friends Christmas Danny nakagawa from
match my spirit calm a big warm welcome
to all of you all over the world match
my school calm is a spiritual dating and
a holistic networking website the
spiritual dating is concerned what
differentiates us from other websites is
that we cover not just the mainstream
religions but also special spiritual
paths for people who follow gurus or
spiritual teachers and we also emphasize
the importance of being friends with
your partner for at least four to five
months before starting to date so that
the hormones can start settling down we
have all of us have a few of the hose
and the real person can come out and you
can see if you have any common values
together we're holistic networking is
concerned we love networking I
personally just love networking it's so
much fun and it's so touching you know
to meet people from all over the world
who are into holistic according to this
holistic field and get to know them at a
deeper level so we build this platform
for anyone's who's into holistic
businesses they can come to our website
sign up and even put their logo up for
free and advertise for free basically
and and the network so join us please at
match my spirit calm and email me feel
if you need to contact me match my
spirit at gmail com lots of love and